label|text
positive|Great CD: My lovely Pat has one of the GREAT voices of her generation. I have listened to this CD for YEARS and I still LOVE IT. When I'm in a good mood it makes me feel better. A bad mood just evaporates like sugar in the rain. This CD just oozes LIFE. Vocals are jusat STUUNNING and lyrics just kill. One of life's hidden gems. This is a desert isle CD in my book. Why she never made it big is just beyond me. Everytime I play this, no matter black, white, young, old, male, female EVERYBODY says one thing "Who was that singing ?"
positive|One of the best game music soundtracks - for a game I didn't really play: Despite the fact that I have only played a small portion of the game, the music I heard (plus the connection to Chrono Trigger which was great as well) led me to purchase the soundtrack, and it remains one of my favorite albums. There is an incredible mix of fun, epic, and emotional songs. Those sad and beautiful tracks I especially like, as there's not too many of those kinds of songs in my other video game soundtracks. I must admit that one of the songs (Life-A Distant Promise) has brought tears to my eyes on many occasions.My one complaint about this soundtrack is that they use guitar fretting effects in many of the songs, which I find distracting. But even if those weren't included I would still consider the collection worth it.
negative|Batteries died within a year ...: I bought this charger in Jul 2003 and it worked OK for a while. The design is nice and convenient. However, after about a year, the batteries would not hold a charge. Might as well just get alkaline disposables, or look elsewhere for a charger that comes with batteries that have better staying power.
positive|works fine, but Maha Energy is better: Check out Maha Energy's website. Their Powerex MH-C204F charger works in 100 minutes for rapid charge, with option for slower charge (better for batteries). And they have 2200 mAh batteries.
positive|Great for the non-audiophile: Reviewed quite a bit of the combo players and was hesitant due to unfavorable reviews and size of machines. I am weaning off my VHS collection, but don't want to replace them with DVD's. This unit is well built, easy to setup and resolution and special effects (no progressive scan for HDTV owners) suitable for many people looking for a versatile product.Cons- No universal remote.
negative|DVD Player crapped out after one year: I also began having the incorrect disc problems that I've read about on here. The VCR still works, but hte DVD side is useless. I understand that DVD players sometimes just quit on you, but after not even one year? To me that's a sign on bad quality. I'm giving up JVC after this as well. I'm sticking to Sony or giving another brand a shot.
negative|Incorrect Disc: I love the style of this, but after a couple years, the DVD is giving me problems. It doesn't even work anymore and I use my broken PS2 Now. I wouldn't recommend this, I'm just going to upgrade to a recorder now. I wish it would work but I guess i'm giving up on JVC. I really did like this one... before it stopped working. The dvd player gave me problems probably after a year of having it.
negative|DVD menu select problems: I cannot scroll through a DVD menu that is set up vertically. The triangle keys will only select horizontally. So I cannot select anything on most DVD's besides play. No special features, no language select, nothing, just play.